Use cluster name in kubeconfig (#2516)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/user/03-15-kubeconfig-endpoint.md

# Kubeconfig Endpoint

## Overview

> The Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) provides an endpoint that lets you retrieve the kubeconfig file for accessing an SAP BTP, Kyma runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) provides an endpoint that enables you to retrieve the kubeconfig file for accessing an SAP BTP Kyma runtime instance.
```

## HTTP Request

```
GET /kubeconfig/{instance_id}
```
No request body is required.

## Response Structure

The endpoint returns a standard Kubernetes kubeconfig file.
- [**Cluster Name**](04-05-cluster-name.md) is used as the cluster name, context name, and—when OIDC authentication is configured the user name.

> - If no OIDC configuration is present, the users section is omitted entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If no OIDC configuration is present, the user section is omitted entirely.
```

- When multiple OIDC configurations are provided, user entries are generated using an incremental naming convention:
  - The first user is named **CLUSTER_NAME**
  - The second user is named **CLUSTER_NAME-2**
  - The third user is named **CLUSTER_NAME-3**
  - The pattern continues accordingly for subsequent users.

### Response Body

> 

Reviewer: Again, how about adding something like:
"You get a response similar to the following."
